feat: describe infrastructure and environment variables (#37)
standardnotes/docs: docs/self-hosting/getting-started.md

Syncing Server infrastructure consists of a few different microservices that are responsible for different sets of functionality.

> If you'd like to know more about the particular services head over to [Infrastructure Overview](./infrastructure-overview.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to learn more about each of the particular services, head over to [Infrastructure Overview](./infrastructure-overview.md)
```
